feat(next/swc): support experimental swc plugins (#36790)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/compiler.md

2. `member`: Has type `string`. The name of the member import.
3. `lowerCase`, `upperCase`, `camelCase`: Helper functions to convert a string to lower, upper or camel cases.

> ### SWC Trace profiling

Reviewer: Is this a separate feature? Thought I remembered a different PR for this one.

Author: Yes, it's a separate feature and forgot to update docs then included in this PR. If it's required, can split PR into another. (feature is already in, only docs are missing)

You can generate SWC's internal transform traces as chromium's [trace event format](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CvAClvFfyA5R-PhYUmn5OOQtYMH4h6I0nSsKchNAySU/preview?mode=html#%21=).

```js
// next.config.js

module.exports = {
  experimental: {
    swcTraceProfiling: true,
  },
}
```

Once enabled, swc will generate trace named as `swc-trace-profile-${timestamp}.json` under `.next/`. Chromium's trace viewer (chrome://tracing/, https://ui.perfetto.dev/), or compatible flamegraph viewer (https://www.speedscope.app/) can load & visualize generated traces.

### Experimental SWC plugin support

You can configure swc's transform to use SWC's experimental plugin support written in wasm to customize transformation behavior.

```js
// next.config.js

module.exports = {
  experimental: {
    swcPlugins: [
      ['plugin', {
        ..pluginOptions
      }]
    ]
  }
}
```

> `swcPlugins` accepts an array of tuple for configuring plugins. A tuple for the plugin contains path to the plugin, and an object for its configurations. Path to the plugin can be a npm module package name, or absolute path to the `.wasm` binary itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`swcPlugins` accepts an array of tuples for configuring plugins. A tuple for the plugin contains the path to the plugin and an object for plugin configuration. The path to the plugin can be an npm module package name or an absolute path to the `.wasm` binary itself.
```
